Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#990)
Probesys/bileto: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. open an account on [GitHub](https://github.com);
2. fork the repository on your profile (i.e. the “fork” button on the top right of the repository page);

> 3. clone the repository locally (e.g. `git clone git@github.com:Probesys/bileto.git`);

Reviewer: Ici on veut garder la partie `<your-username>` parce qu’on indique de cloner le fork, pas le dépôt initial :

```suggestion
3. clone the repository locally (e.g. `git clone git@github.com:<your-username>/bileto.git`);
```
